[Registrar] Pricing, credit card, email verification (#3460)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/registrar/src/content/faq.md

## Billing

> ### How much does Cloudflare Registrar charge?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How much does Cloudflare Registrar cost?
```
I'd say that Cloudflare "charges", but the product it self "costs".

> Refer to [What is Cloudflare Registrar](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/dns/what-is-cloudflare-registrar/) for more information regarding price.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [What is Cloudflare Registrar](https://www.cloudflare.com/learning/dns/what-is-cloudflare-registrar/) for more information on pricing.
```
I'd rather use "pricing" than "price".
